welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
lolita
in 1947 humbert humbert jeremy irons
a middle-aged european professor of
english literature
travels to the united states to take a
teaching position in new hampshire
he rents a room in the home of widow
charlotte hayes melanie griffith
largely because he is romantically
attracted to her twelve-year-old
daughter dolores dominique swain
also called blow who he sees while
touring the house
obsessed from boyhood with girls of
approximately her age
whom he calls nymphates humper does
immediately smitten with low and marries
charlotte only
to be near her daughter charlotte finds
humbert's secret diary and discovers his
preference for her daughter
furious charlotte runs out of the house
when she is struck by a car and killed
her death frees humbert to pursue a
romantic and sexual relationship with
lowe
whom he nicknames lolita humbert and lo
then travel the country
staying in various motels before
eventually settling in the college town
of beardsley
where humbert takes a teaching job and
lo begins attending beardsley prep
school in all girls catholic school
humbert and lo must conceal the nature
of their relationship from everyone
strangers they encounter when traveling
as well as the administration at
beardsley
they present themselves to the world as
a father and daughter
over time blows increasing boredom with
humbert
combined with her growing desire for
independence
fuels a constant tension that leads to a
fight between them
humbert's affection for low is also
rivaled by another man
playwright claire quilty frank langella
who has been pursuing low since the
beginning of the pair's travels
low eventually escapes with quilty and
humpert's search for them is
unsuccessful
especially as he doesn't know quilty's
name
three years later humbert receives a
letter from lowe
asking for money humbert visits low
who is now married and pregnant her
husband
richard knows nothing about her past
humber asks her to run away with him but
she refuses
he relents and gives her a substantial
amount of money
blow also reveals to humbert how quilty
actually tracked young girls and took
them to pavor manor
his home in parkington to exploit them
for child pornography
quilty abandoned her after she refused
to be in one of his films
after his visit with lowe humber tracks
down quilty and murders him
after being chased by the police humbert
is arrested and sent to prison
he dies in prison in november of 1950
due to a coronary thrombosis
and low dies the next month on christmas
day from childbirth complications
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you